Chore: (Docs) Auto docs fixes (#21122)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-docs/autodocs.md

| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `disable`     | Toggles support for all documentation pages <br/> `docs: { disable:true }`                                                           |
| `autodocs`    | Configures auto-generated documentation pages. Available options: `true`, `false`,`tags` (default) <br/> `docs: { autodocs: false }` |
| `defaultName` | Renames the auto-generated documentation page<br/> `docs: { defaultName: 'Documentation' }`                                          |

### Write a custom template

To replace the default documentation template used by Storybook, you can extend your UI configuration file (i.e., `.storybook/preview.js`) and introduce a `docs` [parameter](../writing-stories/parameters.md#global-parameters). This parameter accepts a `page` function that returns a React component, which you can use to generate the required template. For example:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/storybook-preview-auto-docs-custom-template-function.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<div class="aside">

> 💡 Internally, Storybook uses a similar implementation to generate the default template. See the Doc Blocks API reference if you want to learn more about how Doc Blocks work.

Reviewer: Let's add a link for the API reference and coordinate this PR merging with https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/21113

</div>

Going over the code snippet in more detail. When Storybook starts up, it will override the default template with the custom one composed of the following:

1. A header with the component's metadata retrieved by the `Title`, `Subtitle`, and `Description` Doc Blocks.
2. The first story defined in the file via the `Primary` Doc Block with a handy set of UI controls to zoom in and out of the component.
3. An interactive table with all the relevant [`args`](../writing-stories/args.md) and [`argTypes`](../api/argtypes.md) defined in the story via the `Controls` Doc Block.
4. A overview of the remaining stories via the `Stories` Doc Block.

#### With MDX

> However, you're not restricted to defining a function to generate the documentation template. The `docs` [parameter](../writing-stories/parameters.md#global-parameters) also accepts a reference to a template written in MDX, but this comes with a caveat, depending on where you place the file in your project, it may inadvertently get picked up by Storybook's auto-generated documentation. We recommend placing the file in a custom directory outside the `src` directory to avoid this issue. For example:

Reviewer: A few notes here:

1. Once available, "`docs` parameter" should link to the API reference, not generic parameters documentation.
2. I'm pretty sure I've seen @tmeasday mention that you must provide a React component now and can no longer use MDX for this.
3. Not all projects use a `src` directory. Better to reference the `stories` configuration and recommend placing it somewhere that won't match?
    - This is moot if I'm correct about (2)

Author: I left the `docs` parameter as a placeholder. Once the API is out, this will be updated to point at it. And to this point
> I'm pretty sure I've seen @tmeasday mention that you must provide a React component now and can no longer use MDX for this.
This is an escape hatch. You can write your custom templates and place them outside a directory that is not picked by the stories glob pattern. I left this intentionally to avoid having the community reach out to us in our communication channels and ask why they're forced to write React when they work with  Vue, Angular, etc. The directory choice (i.e., `src`) was intentional, as most framework generators already set it up. I'm aware of the fact that Web Components and a monorepo infrastructure work differently.

Reviewer: > This is an escape hatch. You can write your custom templates and place them outside a directory that is not picked by the stories glob pattern.

I'm confused. Are you documenting how to override the docs template or are you illustrating an alternative approach where you don't use AutoDocs at all and instead provide a custom MDX file?

Reviewer 2: > I'm pretty sure I've seen @tmeasday mention that you must provide a React component now and can no longer use MDX for this.

I'm sure you are correct about this, but I (nor @shilman) remember the exact reason for that, and the proof is in the pudding-it indeed does work!

> This is an escape hatch. You can write your custom templates and place them outside a directory that is not picked by the stories glob pattern.

There's one more detail -- you can use the `isTemplate` prop to `Meta` (which we should document too, I didn't because I thought it didn't work 🤦 ) to stop a `.mdx` file from being indexed:

```mdx
import { Meta, Title } from '@storybook/blocks';

## This is an autodocs template

<Meta isTemplate />

<Title />
```

Author: I added some clarification on it with the latest commit.

Reviewer: I'll add `isTemplate` to the API reference. 👍

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Create an MDX file to add your custom documentation. Depending on how you want your documentation to render in the UI, you'll need to consider the following use cases.

> ### Using the `Meta` Doc Block

Reviewer: If this page is now titled _Automatic documentation and Storybook_, I don't understand why this entire section (_Setup custom documentation_) is located here and not as part of the _MDX_ page.

All of these examples demonstrate how to write custom MDX docs entries and have nothing to do with autoDocs.

Author: Can you elaborate on this a bit more? Are you suggesting moving the documentation to the MDX page starting at "Setup custom documentation" all the way to "Advanced configuration"? Is that what you're thinking?

Reviewer: Yes, that's exactly what I'm suggesting. Everything in that section of content pertains to writing MDX documentation in general, not the automatic docs that Storybook provides.

I do think it'd be a good idea to point from here to there, though, explaining that if customizing the autoDocs page isn't enough, they can author their own custom MDX content.

If you need to match the component documentation to an existing story, you can use the `Meta` Doc Block and configure it to control how the documentation gets rendered. Out of the box, it allows you to define a custom title or a reference to the story you need to document (i.e., via the `of` prop). For example:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/storybook-auto-docs-baseline-example.custom-title.mdx.mdx',
    'common/storybook-auto-docs-baseline-example.of-prop.mdx.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Using the File System

> However, providing the `Meta` Doc Block may not be required for certain use cases, such as standalone pages or even as guidelines for testing your components. In that case, you can safely omit it. Storybook will instead rely on the file's physical location to place the documentation in the sidebar, overriding any pre-existent auto-generated documentation with your own. For example:

Reviewer: Could we reference and leverage the [existing autotitle docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/7.0/react/configure/sidebar-and-urls#csf-30-auto-titles) when explaining this?

Author: Addressed with the latest commit. Marking this as solved.

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<div class="aside">

💡 This is not a Storybook issue but a breaking change introduced with MDX 2. For more information on this and other breaking changes, see our [MDX documentation](./mdx.md#breaking-changes).

</div>

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: So grateful we take the time to document these gotchas. 🙏

### The auto-generated documentation is not showing up in a monorepo setup

Out of the box, Storybook's AutoDocs feature is built to generate documentation for your stories automatically. Nevertheless, if you're working with a monorepo setup (e.g., [`Yarn Workspaces`](https://yarnpkg.com/features/workspaces), [`pnpm Workspaces`](https://pnpm.io/workspaces)), you may run into issues where part of the documentation may not be generated for you. To help you troubleshoot those issues, we've prepared some recommendations that might help you.

> Update your imports statement to reference the component directly instead of the package's root. For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Update your import statements to reference the component directly instead of the package's root. For example:
```
